By using Giver of Givers Foundation Online Platforms that include website (www.giversfoundation.net), Online Application Forms or our Online Classroom Account, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this online platforms. Your continued use of these online platforms will mean that you accept this privacy policy terms.

This privacy policy applies to websites, online classrooms, and online forms related to GIVER OF GE.  GIVER OF GIVERS is committed to protecting your privacy.

​

Information Collected through Website, Online Application Forms or Emails

All the information gathered through the online application forms, or website or by emails, is used to personally identify users that subscribe to this service and to process the registration of such applicant to a desired course. The information will not be used for anything other than which is in relation to service requested by the applicant. None of the information will be sold or made available to any person for any other reason.

The site may collect certain information about your visit, such as the email address, name of the internet service provider and the internet protocol (IP) address through which you access the internet; the date and time you access the site; the pages that you access while at the site and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. This information is used to help improve the site, analyse trends, and administer the site.

GIVER OF GIVERS may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on its site. Changes will be posted here so that you always know what information is gathered, how it might be used and whether than information will be disclosed to anyone. Please refer to back to this policy regularly. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, or wish to withdraw use of your personal information and contacts, please send an email to info@giversfoundation.net.

​

Protection of Personal Information (POPI) Compliance

GIVER OF GIVERS is committed to strict Legislative compliance in accordance with the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013. By using our online platforms, you signify that the personal information supplied to GIVER OF GIVERS may be used for any lawful purpose related to your relationship or engagement with GIVER OF GIVERS. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, your name, IP address, your Identification number, personal documents etc. We process your personal information in order to communicate offers that we think may be of best interest to you unless you request not to receive any marketing materials which promotes GIVER OF GIVERS’s goods and/or services. By using our online platforms, you are expressly providing your consent to us to collect your details to process the information for our purposes listed above. We are authorised to collect your personal information, for a lawful purpose, by POPI, as well as for the purposes that are listed in this Privacy Policy. In order to access/collect/process your information, we act on your behalf as the “responsible party” requesting to access your personal information under the POPI Act.



We collect personal information in South Africa from these possible legitimate sources:

from you;
from the documentation that we request and that you provide;
through sites, when you sign up for a newsletter and social media platforms;
from information about you that is publicly available,
Please note, depending on circumstances, we may choose not to collect information from all these sources.


We undertake to take all reasonable and necessary steps to secure the integrity and confidentiality of your personal information and protect your information from misuse, loss, interference, unauthorised access, modification or unauthorised disclosure. Electronic copies are held in a secure environment, with the application of appropriate passwords and other computer and software security techniques.



Once you have submitted your information and provided consent for us to use of your information, we are entitled to use your personal information as follows:

to identify you as per the above;
to check when was the last time you used our services, if at all;
to inform you of goods, services and/or products which we think you may be interested in (unless you have opted out);
to receive confirmation that you have granted us authority to act as the “responsible party” if information is held by a third party;
for business purposes, such as analysing and managing our business, market search, audits, developing new products, improving our services and products, gauging customer satisfaction and providing customer service
to transfer your information across borders; and
for any purpose permitted by law


Cookie/ Tracking Technology

The site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customise the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.



Third Party Links

In an attempt to provide increased value to or users, GIVER OF GIVERS may provide links to other websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that GIVER OF GIVERS is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or the content (including misrepresentative or defamatory content) of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, products or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by or on connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.

Indemnity Disclaimer

By using this site, you both indemnify and absolve GIVER OF GIVERS from any and all liability and/or claims that may arise in relation to using the GIVER OF GIVERS website as well as indemnifying GIVER OF GIVERS against any direct, indirect, consequential, third party and other claims howsoever arising. By the continued use of our online platforms, it is assumed that you have read these Terms and Conditions and have assented to them.